Rewrite compilation docs (#1023)
glotzerlab/hoomd-blue: INSTALLING.rst

.. _Docker: https://hub.docker.com/
.. _Singularity: https://www.sylabs.io/
.. _conda-forge: https://conda-forge.org/docs/user/introduction.html

Singularity / Docker images
---------------------------

See the glotzerlab-software_ documentation for instructions to install and use the containers on
supported HPC clusters. Containers that include HOOMD-blue v3.0.0-beta releases have `beta` in their
tag name.

Conda package
-------------

**HOOMD-blue** is available on conda-forge_ on the *linux-64*, *osx-64*, and *osx-arm64* platforms.
Install the ``hoomd`` package from the conda-forge_ channel into a conda environment::

    $ conda install -c conda-forge hoomd

Install the v3.0.0-beta release with::

    $ conda install -c conda-forge/label/hoomd_dev -c conda-forge hoomd

Recent versions of ``conda`` auto-detect whether your system has a GPU and installs the appropriate
package. Override this and force GPU package installation with::

    $ conda install -c conda-forge hoomd=*=*gpu*

.. tip::

    Use miniforge_ or miniconda_ instead of the full Anaconda distribution to avoid package
    conflicts with conda-forge_ packages.

.. tip::

>     miniforge_ environments automatically add the ``conda-forge`` channel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    miniforge_ environments automatically adds the ``conda-forge`` channel as the top priority channel.
```
